Chris1 (#375)
LiskHQ/lisk-docs: modules/ROOT/pages/tutorials/hello-world.adoc

:experimental:
:v_core: master

> Welcome to the step-by-step guide of creating the Hello World application with the Lisk Alpha SDK.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Welcome to the step-by-step guide of creating the Hello World application with the Lisk SDK.
```

> Firstly, a simple App can be used which showcases a minimal setup of a blockchain application with 1 xref:customize.adoc[custom transaction] type: the "Hello" transaction.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Hello World application is a simple blockchain app that showcases a minimal setup of a blockchain application with 1 xref:customize.adoc[custom transaction] type: the "Hello" transaction.
```

|Python |2
|===

IMPORTANT: Before installing the Lisk SDK, please follow the instructions in the xref:setup.adoc#_pre_installation[Lisk SDK - Pre-Install] section.

[source,bash]
----
npm install lisk-sdk <1>
npm install @liskhq/lisk-validator @liskhq/lisk-cryptography @liskhq/lisk-transactions @liskhq/lisk-constants <2>
----

<1> Install the Lisk SDK as dependency for the node side.
<2> Install Lisk Elements dependencies for the client side scripts.

[IMPORTANT]
====
If a database has not previously been created then it is necessary to create one.

> The default database name is `lisk_dev` The following command,  `createdb lisk_dev` should be used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The default database name is `lisk_dev` The following command,  `createdb lisk_dev --owner lisk` should be used.
```
